RUL-47: add concatenate action rule (#1401)
akeneo/pim-docs: manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.rst

            - type:*
              [Diverse elements according to the action]

Elements with * are mandatory. Fill in the locale and scope elements only if your condition applies on localizable and/or scopable attributes.

> **Dashes** (-) must be placed before an element field and after each element contained in value part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dashes** (-) must be placed before an element field and after each element contained in the value part.
```

Available Actions List
++++++++++++++++++++++

> Akeneo rules engine proposes 5 kinds of actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akeneo rules engine enables 5 kinds of actions:
```

                  field: categories
                  value: []

Concatenate
___________

> This action concatenates at least two values into a single value. A space separates each source values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action concatenates at least two values into a single value. A space separates each source value.
```

The possible source attribute types are:
 - text
 - text area
 - date
 - identifier
 - metric
 - number
 - price collection
 - simple or multi select (option codes)

> The possible target attribute types are:

Reviewer 2: target attributes ?

Author: nope it's the word "types" that must be pluralize not the attribute (it's just an adjective in this case)

 - text
 - text area

> **The parameters from and to are required in the format. Depending of source attribute type, some optional keys can be additionally set:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The parameters from and to are required in the format. Depending on the source attribute type, some optional keys can be set:**
```

+------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| from | List of sets for all attribute types:                                                                                                                                      |
|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|      | - field: attribute code.                                                                                                                                                   |

> |      | - locale: locale code for which the value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 3: I may add "for localizable attributes"
(same for other ones)

> |      | - locale: locale code for which value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - locale: locale code for which the value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |
```

> |      | - scope: channel code for which value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - scope: channel code for which the value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |
```

|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |

> |      | For date attribute:                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | For date attributes:                                                                                                                                                        |
```

|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|      | - format: format of the date following the `PHP format specification <https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.date.php>`_. Optional. Default is *Y-m-d* (e.g. *2020-01-31*) |
|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |

> |      | For price collection attribute:                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | For price collection attributes:                                                                                                                                            |
```

|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |

> |      | - currency: currency code for which price is assigned. Optional. By default all the prices in the collection are displayed, separated by a coma.                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - currency: currency code for which the price is assigned. Optional. By default all the prices in the collection are displayed, separated by a coma.                           |
```

+------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| to   | One set of:                                                                                                                                                                |
|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|      | - field: attribute code.                                                                                                                                                   |

> |      | - locale: locale code for which value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - locale: locale code for which the value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |
```

> |      | - scope: channel code for which value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - scope: channel code for which value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |
```
```suggestion
|      | - scope: channel code for which the value is assigned (optional).                                                                                                              |
```

+------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. tip::

>     For instance, to concatenate the brand (non localizable and non scopable) and the model in en_US locale into the description value in en_US locale, action will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For instance, to concatenate the brand (non-localizable and non-scopable) and the model in en_US locale into the description value in en_US locale, the action will be as follows:
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        actions:
            - type: concatenate
              from:
                - field: brand
                - field: model
                  locale: en_US
              to:
                field: description
                locale: en_US

>     To concatenate the model in en_US locale, the color in en_US locale and the year of the release date into the title value in en_US locale, action will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To concatenate the model in en_US locale, the color in en_US locale and the year of the release date into the title value in en_US locale, the action will be as follows:
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        actions:
            - type: concatenate
              from:
                - field: model
                  locale: en_US
                - field: color
                - field: release_date
                  format: Y
              to:
                field: title
                locale: en_US

>     To concatenate the model in en_US locale and the price in USD and in mobile channel into the subtitle value in en_US locale and mobile channel, action will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To concatenate the model in en_US locale and the price in USD and in the mobile channel into the subtitle value in en_US locale and mobile channel, the action will be as follows:
```
